net: lwm2m_client_utils: Advanced FOTA push fix (#12620)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    * The ``location_assist_agps_request_set()`` function has been renamed to :c:func:`location_assist_agnss_request_set`.
    * The ``location_assist_agps_set_elevation_mask()`` function has been renamed to :c:func:`location_assist_agnss_set_elevation_mask`.
    * The ``location_assist_agps_get_elevation_mask()`` function has been renamed to :c:func:`location_assist_agnss_get_elevation_mask`.

>     * Advanced LwM2M FOTA object accept firmware package zero length for reset state and result resources.
>       Fix interoperability issue with AVSystem's Coiote Device Management server with firmware update by push-mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The advanced LwM2M FOTA object to accept zero length of a firmware package for reset state and result resources.
      This fixes an interoperability issue with AVSystem's Coiote Device Management server related to firmware update by push-mode.
```
